Retresco main entity toggle (#1171)
livingdocsIO/documentation: content/guides/integrations/retresco.md

#### `enableLiveAnalysis`

The default behaviour is to analyse the text on the idle event, typically 5 seconds after a user stops typing, so that the tags are always up-to-date with the content. If you would like to prevent text analysis while a user is working on a document it is possible to set `enableLiveAnalysis: false`. Once disabled the only way the tags will be updated is by the user clicking the refresh button in the metadata form, or at the time of publication.

#### `maxTextLength`

The Retresco API can have issues if the text sent for analysis is too long (more than 10.000 characters). To avoid errors with longform articles, you can optionally set a `maxTextLength`, this will limit the number of characters of text being sent in the request.

#### `enableMainEntityOverride`

> Retresco marks the strongest tags in a document as "main entities". By default this state is stored but not editable in the editor. Set `enableMainEntityOverride: true` to show a star toggle on each tag so editors can promote or demote main entities themselves ({{< added-in "release-2026-07" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retresco marks the strongest tags in a document as "main entities". By default this state is stored but not editable by users in the editor. Set `enableMainEntityOverride: true` to show a star toggle on each tag so editors can promote or downgrade main entities themselves ({{< added-in "release-2026-07" >}}).
```
